hi I'm i'm going to talk about you good
probably everyone in this school smokes
or probably to snuff that's not
acceptable my first cig ago when I was
seven years old studied chewing tobacco
six years ago shape quitting lots lots
time said I it's a really addicting
chemical I tried to cook cut down but I
couldn't too addictive other people who
never smoked before yet it's better if
they don't start it's very very hard to
quit I quit yeah I just decided that it
shouldn't be part of my life I think I'm
gonna feel proud that it could be
smoking I wish I never started I wish I
didn't want to have smoked
being here makes me want to be
smoke-free I started smoking when I was
14 me and my friend were out playing I
was on nice sunny day I Rockefeller in
monasticism over mekonnen maniana haha
my mom my dad my sister myself my
brother my sister so six people smoke in
my house oh no Naga I need cups apenas
only got she got ever even heard
something over lagoon my my grandma died
some smoking she had lung cancer I was
not breathing my high spot I was dead
poor results available a new personality
in your unit how sweet I was with her
when she died and that made me want to
quit even wrong and we've had so portal
I had sisters they were healthy he
survived without using tobacco products
in wicked also active action Naruto in
emotional oshima inverter take dupatta
hamne to you doin up after too late to
Hoonah effect upon delectable I started
smoking last year I had no more friends
my discipline started smoking so I was
thinking if I start smoking our half
morning
it's very bad for me but I have my
friends I want to quit smoking but it's
very hard I don't know anybody who could
smoke see grandma no color laser what
they would do smoke too good no I'm a
computer the first 24 hours was hard
after a couple days it was alright a
couple months later it's all it looks
like under still trying to catch you
catch all over you I'll see you in
America the worker audience are you were
acting upon there are more and more
people are quitting smoking poluchili
can work
for you know mama
yeah you to know you remember let's not
wait till too late
Kobe incluye mega KL dhinaca yeah
totally tacky poverty little Zuma
kanagawa I am normal thomna lapdock
Ramallah dama
I remember when I was a kid we used to
play in the playground
we didn't even know about the secret
we only played each other I want kids to
be a smoke-free Roberto after we all
over no machinery keep our money or
diksha erected near timonium or do you
have a pin no power to a homer capitulo
kawanami polachek Delino Caillou him a
Richie I open a love how long you gonna
step by step there are other choices you
can do something other than smoke began
to tear tonight a faux pas de tu tu no
lo croco UK UK octo iboga keep our mo
October per degaton optima iron and pack
funeral smooth don't start if I can quit
smoking Munakata later gotta know dimelo
corazon it America nigga fuck do you
need help you know like you can talk to
me or talk to your nurse talk to your
friends that don't smoke because you're
worth
to your heart and single
go to ups and downs